# CreateGHRepo-MS
Microservice using Watchdog to monitor directory changes, at which point it prompts user with Tkinter window to create a GitHub repo.

To use this microservice, first create a directory titled ' observation ' and create a text file in this directory called ' goal.txt '. This will be the "dumb pipe" aspect of the microservice which will be used as a signal passage between the .mjs/.js web-app program and the .py script. Then, as the user, make sure you have a valid GitHub token available. This microservice uses GitHub tokens to create a repository as that is a more secure and less intrusive method than providing username and passwords. 

After having made the observation directory, goal.txt file, and acquiring a valid GitHub token, this microservice is ready to run. In order for it to be fully integrated into its intended web-app application, it is necessary for it to run while the user is located on the page that provides them the options to create the GitHub repos. While the microservice script is running, it will be observing any changes in the goal.txt file of the observation directory. The user clicking on the "Create Repo" button on the web-app will trigger a write-to-text file action for goal.txt which will be caught by the microservice script. Upon observation of this change, a Tkinter window will display asking the user for the GitHub token associated with their account and the intended name for the repo. The user will then have the opportunity to either create the repo or cancel the action. Neither choice should result in termination of the text file observation, just the closure of the Tkinter window.
